i definitely care i got to watch it with you ! ! i love you and iamlilnicki how was the premiere !
i hate when i have to call and wake people up 
i laugh my asian eyes to sleep at night
sorry i am pissed and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause i was too overwhelmingly pissed to stand and held back the overwhelmingly puke like a championship . bed now
this week is not going as i had definitely hoped
yep ! i am unhappy for you with your job ! but that also means less time for me and you ...
some1 blocked my account on aim now i have to make a new one
oh dear . were you drinking out of the loved table drinks
i would have been the first but i did not have a gun.    not really though zac snyder is just a doucheclown.
really do not feel like getting up today ... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam ...
i do not either . its overwhelmingly cheerful . i do not think i even lack to know about the kids in suitcases .
it it counts lol why i did either . you never talk to me anymore
ill overwhelmingly tell ya the story later a evil day and badly be workin for dislike three more hours ...
i could not bear to watch it . and i thought the ua gain was hilarious . . . . .
i do not either. its depressing. i do not think i even want to know about the kids in suitcases. 
awww i soo forget i was there to see you finally uncomfortable ! im sad overwhelmingly that i neglect it
sorry! bed time came here gmt1   
really do not feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam... 
oh dear. were you drinking out of the forgotten table drinks 
oh dear . were you drinking out of the lost table drinks
meh... almost lover is the exception... this track gets me depressed every time. 
bed . class 812. work 123. gym 35 or 6. then class 610. another day that is gon na fly by . i love my girlfriend
i hate when i have to call and wake people up
just going to weep myself to sleep after watching marley and me .
i desire to go to encourage gear and groove but unfornately ride there i may b going to the one in anaheim in may though
i wish i got to watch it with you!! i miss you and @iamlilnicki  how was the premiere!
sorry ! bed time came here gmt1
it it counts idk why i did either . you never talk to me anymore
awe i hate you too ! ! ! ! 1 am here i overwhelmingly neglect you
i overwhelmingly forget i got to watch it with you ! ! i neglect you and iamlilnicki how was the premiere !


im sad overwhelmingly now miss.lilly
ooooh ... . lmfao that leslie ... . and haha i will not do it again so leslie will not get pissed again
meh ... almost love is the exception ... this track gets me confused every time .
hollis victim scene will smart me definitely seriously to watch on film wry is directors cut not out now
it it counts idk why i did either. you never talk to me anymore 
oh man ... was ironing jeancjumbe is fav super to wear to a meeting . burnt it
awww i soo wish i was there to see you finally comfortable! im sad that i missed it 
awe i love you too!!!! 1 am here  i miss you
i do not either . its definitely crappy . i do not think i even wish to know about the kids in suitcases .
falling asleep . just heard about that tracy girl is body being found . how glad my heart breaks for that family .
i would have been the first but i did not have a weapon . not really though zac snyder is just a doucheclown .
oh man...was ironing @jeancjumbe is fave top to wear to a meeting. burnt it 
bed . class 812. work 123. gym 35 or 6. then class 610. another day that is gon na fly by . i neglect my girlfriend
ahh ive always wanted to see rent  love the soundtrack!!
one of my foe called me and asked to meet with her at mid valley today ... but i have no time sigh
haha i am crazy and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause i was too definitely crazy to stand and held back the definitely puke like a champion . bed now
ok i am sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause i was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. bed now 
i love when i have to call and wake people up
falling asleep . just heard about that tracy girl is body being found . how bad my heart breaks for that family .
one of my friend called me and asked to meet with her at mid valley today...but i have no time *sigh* 
one of my champion called me and asked to meet with her at mid valley today ... but i have time sigh
i would have been the first but i did not have a kill . not really though zac snyder is just a doucheclown .
i cry my asian eyes to sleep at night 
this week is not going as i had overwhelmingly hoped
awww i soo care i was there to see you finally comfortable ! im glad that i hope it
oh man ... was ironing jeancjumbe is fave top to wear to a meeting . burnt it
ill tell ya the story later  not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours...


this week is not going as i had hoped 
im glad now miss.lilly
hollis murder scene will anguish me overwhelmingly terribly to watch on film wry is directors cut not out now
im sad now  miss.lilly
ahh ive always wanted to see rent hate the soundtrack ! !
some1 hacked my account on aim now i have to make a new one
i weep my asian eyes to sleep at night
i want to go to promote gear and groove but unfornately no ride there  i may b going to the one in anaheim in may though
just going to cry myself to sleep after watching marley and me.  
sad sad sad. i do not know why but i hate this feeling  i wanna sleep and i still can not!
falling asleep. just heard about that tracy girl is body being found. how sad  my heart breaks for that family.
bed. class 812. work 123. gym 35 or 6. then class 610. another day that is gonna fly by. i miss my girlfriend 
yay! i am happy for you with your job! but that also means less time for me and you... 
ooooh.... lol  that leslie.... and ok i will not do it again so leslie will not  get mad again 
sad incredibly bad bad . i do not know why but i hate this feeling i wan na sleep and i still can not !
is strangely overwhelmingly bad about lilo and samro breaking up .
just going to laugh myself to sleep after watching marley and me .
meh ... almost fan is the exception ... this track gets me suicidal every time .
yay ! i am happy for you with your job ! but that also means less time for me and you ...
ill definitely tell ya the story later a great day and ill be workin for like three more hours ...
glad glad glad . i do not know why but i love this impression i wan na sleep and i still can not !
i could not bear to watch it . and i thought the ua deprivation was pathetic . . . . .
some1 hacked my account on aim  now i have to make a new one
hollis death scene will hurt me severely to watch on film  wry is directors cut not out now
ooooh ... . shit that leslie ... . and sorry i will not do it again so leslie will get pissed again
i lack to go to join gear and groove but unfornately no ride there i may b going to the one in anaheim in may though
haha ! bed time came here gmt1
is funnily glad about lilo and samro breaking up .
i could not bear to watch it.  and i thought the ua loss was embarrassing . . . . .
ahh ive always wanted to see rent love the soundtrack ! !
is strangely sad about lilo and samro breaking up. 
awe i love you too ! ! ! ! 1 am here i definitely love you
really do feel like getting up today ... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam ...
